[Music]
[Music] the word that came to Jeremiah
the word that came to Jeremiah
the word that came to Jeremiah concerning
concerning
concerning of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim
of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim
of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah King of Judah which
the son of Josiah King of Judah which
the son of Josiah King of Judah which was the first year of Nebuchadnezzar
was the first year of Nebuchadnezzar
was the first year of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon which Jeremiah the
king of Babylon which Jeremiah the
king of Babylon which Jeremiah the Prophet spoke to all the people of Judah
Prophet spoke to all the people of Judah
Prophet spoke to all the people of Judah and to all the inhabitants of Jerusalem
and to all the inhabitants of Jerusalem
and to all the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the thirteenth year of Josiah the
from the thirteenth year of Josiah the
from the thirteenth year of Josiah the son of ammon king of Judah even to this
son of ammon king of Judah even to this
son of ammon king of Judah even to this day this is the 23rd year in which the
day this is the 23rd year in which the
day this is the 23rd year in which the word of the Lord has come to me and I
word of the Lord has come to me and I
word of the Lord has come to me and I have spoken to you rising early and
have spoken to you rising early and
have spoken to you rising early and speaking but you have not listened and
speaking but you have not listened and
speaking but you have not listened and the Lord has sent to you all his
the Lord has sent to you all his
the Lord has sent to you all his servants the prophets rising early and
servants the prophets rising early and
servants the prophets rising early and sending them but you have not listened
sending them but you have not listened
sending them but you have not listened nor inclined your ear to hear they said
nor inclined your ear to hear they said
nor inclined your ear to hear they said repent now every one of his evil way and
repent now every one of his evil way and
repent now every one of his evil way and his evil doings and dwell in the land
his evil doings and dwell in the land
his evil doings and dwell in the land that the Lord has given to you and your
that the Lord has given to you and your
that the Lord has given to you and your father's for ever and ever
father's for ever and ever
father's for ever and ever do not go after other gods to serve them
do not go after other gods to serve them
do not go after other gods to serve them and worship them and do not provoke me
and worship them and do not provoke me
and worship them and do not provoke me to anger with the works of your hands
to anger with the works of your hands
to anger with the works of your hands and I will not harm you yet you have not
and I will not harm you yet you have not
and I will not harm you yet you have not listened to me says the Lord that you
listened to me says the Lord that you
listened to me says the Lord that you might provoke me to anger with the works
might provoke me to anger with the works
might provoke me to anger with the works of your hands to your own hurt therefore
of your hands to your own hurt therefore
of your hands to your own hurt therefore thus says the Lord of hosts because you
thus says the Lord of hosts because you
thus says the Lord of hosts because you have not heard my words behold I will
have not heard my words behold I will
have not heard my words behold I will send and take all the families of the
send and take all the families of the
send and take all the families of the north says the Lord and Nebuchadnezzar
north says the Lord and Nebuchadnezzar
north says the Lord and Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon to my servant and
the king of Babylon to my servant and
the king of Babylon to my servant and will bring them against this land
will bring them against this land
will bring them against this land against its inhabitants and against
against its inhabitants and against
against its inhabitants and against these nations all around and will
these nations all around and will
these nations all around and will utterly destroy them and make them an
utterly destroy them and make them an
utterly destroy them and make them an astonishment a hissing and perpetual
astonishment a hissing and perpetual
astonishment a hissing and perpetual desolations moreover I will take from
desolations moreover I will take from
desolations moreover I will take from them the voice of mirth and the voice of
them the voice of mirth and the voice of
them the voice of mirth and the voice of gladness the voice of the bridegroom and
gladness the voice of the bridegroom and
gladness the voice of the bridegroom and the voice of the bride
the voice of the bride
the voice of the bride the sound of the millstones and the
the sound of the millstones and the
the sound of the millstones and the light of the lamp
light of the lamp
light of the lamp and this whole land shall be a
and this whole land shall be a
and this whole land shall be a desolation and an astonishment and these
desolation and an astonishment and these
desolation and an astonishment and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon
nations shall serve the king of Babylon
nations shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years then it will come to pass
seventy years then it will come to pass
seventy years then it will come to pass when seventy years are completed that I
when seventy years are completed that I
when seventy years are completed that I will punish the king of Babylon and that
will punish the king of Babylon and that
will punish the king of Babylon and that nation the land of the Chaldeans for
nation the land of the Chaldeans for
nation the land of the Chaldeans for their iniquity and I will make it a
their iniquity and I will make it a
their iniquity and I will make it a perpetual desolation so I will bring on
perpetual desolation so I will bring on
perpetual desolation so I will bring on that land all my words which I have
that land all my words which I have
that land all my words which I have pronounced against it all that is
pronounced against it all that is
pronounced against it all that is written in this book which Jeremiah has
written in this book which Jeremiah has
written in this book which Jeremiah has prophesied concerning all the nations
prophesied concerning all the nations
prophesied concerning all the nations for many nations and great kings shall
for many nations and great kings shall
for many nations and great kings shall be served by them also and I will repay
be served by them also and I will repay
be served by them also and I will repay them according to their deeds and
them according to their deeds and
them according to their deeds and according to the works of their own
according to the works of their own
according to the works of their own hands where thus says the Lord God of
hands where thus says the Lord God of
hands where thus says the Lord God of Israel to me take this wine cup of fury
Israel to me take this wine cup of fury
Israel to me take this wine cup of fury from my hand and cause all the nations
from my hand and cause all the nations
from my hand and cause all the nations to whom I send you to drink it and they
to whom I send you to drink it and they
to whom I send you to drink it and they will drink and stagger and go mad
will drink and stagger and go mad
will drink and stagger and go mad because of the sword that I will send
because of the sword that I will send
because of the sword that I will send among them then I took the cup from the
among them then I took the cup from the
among them then I took the cup from the Lord's hand and made all the nations
Lord's hand and made all the nations
Lord's hand and made all the nations drink to whom the Lord had sent me
drink to whom the Lord had sent me
drink to whom the Lord had sent me Jerusalem and the cities of Judah its
Jerusalem and the cities of Judah its
Jerusalem and the cities of Judah its kings and it's princess to make them a
kings and it's princess to make them a
kings and it's princess to make them a desolation and astonishment I sing and
desolation and astonishment I sing and
desolation and astonishment I sing and the curse as it is this day Pharaoh king
the curse as it is this day Pharaoh king
the curse as it is this day Pharaoh king of Egypt his servants his princes and
of Egypt his servants his princes and
of Egypt his servants his princes and all his people all the mixed multitude
all his people all the mixed multitude
all his people all the mixed multitude all the kings of the land of Oz all the
all the kings of the land of Oz all the
all the kings of the land of Oz all the kings of the land of the Philistines
kings of the land of the Philistines
kings of the land of the Philistines namely Ashkelon Gaza Ekron and the
namely Ashkelon Gaza Ekron and the
namely Ashkelon Gaza Ekron and the remnant of Ashdod Edom Moab and the
remnant of Ashdod Edom Moab and the
remnant of Ashdod Edom Moab and the people of Ammon all the kings of tyre
people of Ammon all the kings of tyre
people of Ammon all the kings of tyre all the kings of Sidon and the kings of
all the kings of Sidon and the kings of
all the kings of Sidon and the kings of the coastlands which are across the sea
the coastlands which are across the sea
the coastlands which are across the sea didn't tima buzz and all who are in the
didn't tima buzz and all who are in the
didn't tima buzz and all who are in the farthest corners all the kings of Arabia
farthest corners all the kings of Arabia
farthest corners all the kings of Arabia and all the kings of the mixed multitude
and all the kings of the mixed multitude
and all the kings of the mixed multitude who dwell in the desert all the kings of
who dwell in the desert all the kings of
who dwell in the desert all the kings of Zim Roy all the kings of Elam and all
Zim Roy all the kings of Elam and all
Zim Roy all the kings of Elam and all the kings of the Medes all the kings of
the kings of the Medes all the kings of
the kings of the Medes all the kings of the North far and near one with another
the North far and near one with another
the North far and near one with another and all the kingdoms of the world which
and all the kingdoms of the world which
and all the kingdoms of the world which are on the face of the earth also the
are on the face of the earth also the
are on the face of the earth also the king of sea Shack shall drink after them
king of sea Shack shall drink after them
king of sea Shack shall drink after them therefore you shall say to them thus
therefore you shall say to them thus
therefore you shall say to them thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel drink the drunk and vomit fall and rise
drink the drunk and vomit fall and rise
drink the drunk and vomit fall and rise no more because of the sword which I
no more because of the sword which I
no more because of the sword which I will send among you and it shall be if
will send among you and it shall be if
will send among you and it shall be if they refuse to take the cup from your
they refuse to take the cup from your
they refuse to take the cup from your hand to drink then you shall say to them
hand to drink then you shall say to them
hand to drink then you shall say to them thus says the Lord of hosts you shall
thus says the Lord of hosts you shall
thus says the Lord of hosts you shall certainly drink for behold I begin to
certainly drink for behold I begin to
certainly drink for behold I begin to bring calamity on the city which is
bring calamity on the city which is
bring calamity on the city which is called by my name and should you be
called by my name and should you be
called by my name and should you be utterly unpunished you shall not be
utterly unpunished you shall not be
utterly unpunished you shall not be unpunished for I will call for a sword
unpunished for I will call for a sword
unpunished for I will call for a sword on all the inhabitants of the earth says
on all the inhabitants of the earth says
on all the inhabitants of the earth says the Lord of hosts therefore prophesy
the Lord of hosts therefore prophesy
the Lord of hosts therefore prophesy against them all these words and say to
against them all these words and say to
against them all these words and say to them the Lord will draw from on high and
them the Lord will draw from on high and
them the Lord will draw from on high and utter his voice from his holy habitation
utter his voice from his holy habitation
utter his voice from his holy habitation he will roar mightily against his fold
he will roar mightily against his fold
he will roar mightily against his fold he will give a shout as those who tread
he will give a shout as those who tread
he will give a shout as those who tread the grapes against all the inhabitants
the grapes against all the inhabitants
the grapes against all the inhabitants of the earth a nose will come to the
of the earth a nose will come to the
of the earth a nose will come to the ends of the earth for the Lord has a
ends of the earth for the Lord has a
ends of the earth for the Lord has a controversy with the nation's he will
controversy with the nation's he will
controversy with the nation's he will plead his case will all flesh he will
plead his case will all flesh he will
plead his case will all flesh he will give those who are wicked to the sword
give those who are wicked to the sword
give those who are wicked to the sword says the Lord thus says the Lord of
says the Lord thus says the Lord of
says the Lord thus says the Lord of hosts behold disaster shall go forth
hosts behold disaster shall go forth
hosts behold disaster shall go forth from nation to nation and a great
from nation to nation and a great
from nation to nation and a great whirlwind shall be raised up from the
whirlwind shall be raised up from the
whirlwind shall be raised up from the farthest parts of the earth and at that
farthest parts of the earth and at that
farthest parts of the earth and at that day the slain of the Lord shall be from
day the slain of the Lord shall be from
day the slain of the Lord shall be from one end of the earth even to the other
one end of the earth even to the other
one end of the earth even to the other end of the earth they shall not be
end of the earth they shall not be
end of the earth they shall not be lamented or
lamented or
lamented or or gathered or buried they shall become
or gathered or buried they shall become
or gathered or buried they shall become refused on the ground Wales Shepherds
refused on the ground Wales Shepherds
refused on the ground Wales Shepherds and cry roll about in the ashes you
and cry roll about in the ashes you
and cry roll about in the ashes you leaders of the flock for the days of
leaders of the flock for the days of
leaders of the flock for the days of your slaughter and your dispersions are
your slaughter and your dispersions are
your slaughter and your dispersions are fulfilled you shall fall like a precious
fulfilled you shall fall like a precious
fulfilled you shall fall like a precious vessel and the Shepherd's will have no
vessel and the Shepherd's will have no
vessel and the Shepherd's will have no way to flee nor the leaders of the flock
way to flee nor the leaders of the flock
way to flee nor the leaders of the flock to escape a voice of the cry of the
to escape a voice of the cry of the
to escape a voice of the cry of the Shepherd's
Shepherd's
Shepherd's and a wailing of the leaders to the
and a wailing of the leaders to the
and a wailing of the leaders to the flock will be heard for the Lord has
flock will be heard for the Lord has
flock will be heard for the Lord has plundered their pasture and the peaceful
plundered their pasture and the peaceful
plundered their pasture and the peaceful dwellings are cut down because of the
dwellings are cut down because of the
dwellings are cut down because of the fierce anger of the Lord he has left his
fierce anger of the Lord he has left his
fierce anger of the Lord he has left his lair like the lion for their land is
lair like the lion for their land is
lair like the lion for their land is desolate because of the fierceness of
desolate because of the fierceness of
desolate because of the fierceness of the oppressor and because of his fierce
the oppressor and because of his fierce
the oppressor and because of his fierce anger
anger
anger [Music]